update TiDB Self-Managed release notes links (#3089)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/upgrade-a-tidb-cluster.md

## Preparations before upgrade

1. Refer to the [upgrade caveat](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/upgrade-tidb-using-tiup#upgrade-caveat) to learn about the precautions. Note that all TiDB versions, including patch versions, currently do not support downgrade or rollback after upgrade.

> 2. Refer to [TiDB release notes](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/release-notes) to learn about the compatibility changes in each intermediate version. If any changes affect your upgrade, take appropriate measures.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Refer to [TiDB release notes](https://docs.pingcap.com/releases/tidb-self-managed/) to learn about the compatibility changes in each intermediate version. If any changes affect your upgrade, take appropriate measures.
```
